hello YouTube how y'all doing hope
everybody's doing great this is the shot
where the person is leaning their head
over in the car and I keep flicking it
back and forth with the contrast turned
on so you can take a little declare or
Foe it and darken up the back image of
the photo that's the reason why I done
it and I also blowed it up just a little
bit more before it gets too far out so
you can actually see what I see or at
least i'm hoping the ones i've either
didn't see it see it because this is
important for all of you see my personal
opinion if we don't make them the
mainstream media cough up the truth with
this we're not gonna ever go nowhere
we're spinning our wheels and we're
talking about stuff for some just to
make money and you know it's a waste of
your time my time and everybody else's
time because older students taking our
mind and focus focus in it on something
that we shouldn't be focusing on start
with it's chasing read the hose was what
it's doing as you can see that person
lean over you can see plainly on the
other side of the car another head
living as well as a person's head moving
it is not the car seat you can see it
behind a little strap you can see where
the car seat is in the back window if
you pay real close attention to it
I'm sorry folks I'm making another video
on that same now this is one more step
closer and bigger it this is as big as
it gets right here with you've been able
to even see what it is you can tell I'm
doing the best I can with what I got
those guys and mainstream media knows
that there's two people in our car why
are they reporting on it why isn't
anyone reporting on the truth why is it
so impossible for people to try to put
out the truth and get their sights their
webpages their videos block Alex Jones
any of the big radio stations none of
them are touching it with a ten-foot
pole why is that people are they just
into making running or do they really
want to get to the bottom of the truth
of everything or they just think that
it's just not worth their time really
really is it just not worth their time I
don't matter at the end of this video
folks we got a little bit of something
else I'm not saying that it's going to
be perfect for you I'm not going to say
that you're gonna get the Justin what
I'm doing but I took a part of this
video and I blowed it up his big as I
possibly could I had a friend actually
do it for me and they've loaded up as
big if they could do it and put in some
contrast with it and to me it's just me
okay to me it looks like a face and it's
in a shot that comes from this area
right here
on the driver's side of the car you're
going to see it here shortly but I'm
showing you different things there's one
other thing i want to show you you see
the guy with the black shirt on the
white shorts and he's holding a gun
really will the off-duty or or what I
mean huh that's kind of strange in my
opinion and there's another one in that
shot too as well there's wearing shorts
but it looks like he's got on you know a
policeman shirt can't tell relief that
well maybe they're undercover I
understand that I don't don't go off on
that I'm just saying it looks kind of
odd with a person in civilian clothes
and shorts holding the gun or so on it
just looks hard to me and in the window
right here in the shop certain periods
of time there the glare a sign on the
window as bad as is on others and it
looks as if there is a very light
skinned person driving that car when I
say light I mean a lot lighter skin than
the young lady that was supposed to be
killed not to say that she wasn't killed
I'm not saying that at all I'm just
telling you there's more people in that
car that's what I'm telling you I'm not
saying it didn't happen somebody didn't
get killed I'm not telling you that at
all I ain't telling you that I'm saying
it's quite possible that someone got
killed or nobody got killed at all I
don't know that answer I can't give you
a hundred percent guarantee of that at
all but as far as there being more than
one person in that car I'm I'm convinced
myself but there's more than one person
in that car
it's still just my opinion but I'm
telling you and my personal opinion it
looks like more now here's the shot i
was telling you and you see three areas
it's got three red circles and the one
with the biggest circle I don't know if
y'all see it I'm not even going to tell
you what I think it is y'all tell me
what you think it is so that folks much
love y'all now have a great night and
please for God's sakes my other channels
block so you'll get the message out the
best way you know how okay much love
have a great night